This assignment was locked Mar 22, 2020 at 23:55.
Course Name: Software Engineering Workshop 1

Course Code: COMP SCI 2205

Assessment Component: Exercise 1 (5%) – Individual Assessment

Submission by  Canvas (MyUni).

 

The list of tasks (during and after the working session 1)

 

Download or open the file containing the material on “Business Analyst Job Description” from Canvas available at Modules --->Week 1--->Business Analyst Job Description. docx. Read and explore the description and identify at least 3 skills, 3 knowledge areas, and 3 responsibilities that you think are the most important and why? And how the required skills and knowledge can be gained to a level of satisfactory performance as a business analyst (please note that a business analyst can also be called requirements engineer or similar role so you need to focus on the tasks and responsibilities to be performed rather than the title (1.5%).
Identify at least 3 skills, 3 knowledge areas, and 3 responsibilities for a business analyst along with the reasons and justification – the reasoning and justification is very important (maximum 1-page A4).

 

Join a team of 3-4 students and discuss the identified skills, knowledge areas, and responsibilities with the reasons and come up with a combined list of 3 skills, 3 knowledge areas, and 3 responsibilities that the whole group thinks (or have some consensus) are the most important and why (1%).
Make a summary of your discussions in half-page A4, add the names of all the members.

   

Find an ad for the position of a business analyst or similar by searching a major job search site (e.g., SEEK, Indeed, or LinkedIn). Critically review the ad with respect to the “Business Analyst Job Description” document and your participation in the working session 1 for identifying the skills, knowledge, and responsibilities that the advertised position is expected to have and the textual description of Business Analyst and your own understanding. Now assume that you want to become a business analyst, write one page (Times 12pt, single space A4) on the knowledge, skills, and experience you need to gain to secure a high profile business analyst role and which parts of the Software Engineering Workshop 1 course can help you to lay the foundation of gaining the expected knowledge, skills, and experience in order to successfully secure a position of business analyst or similar (2.5%).
 

How to Submit: You are expected to prepare a combined submission that would consist of three parts: 1) the outcome of task1 from your individual contribution; 2) the outcome of task 2 from your group discussion in the working sesssion1, and justifications; 3) the outcome of task 3 from your individual work. Name the pdf document as Student ID-Ex1.pdf(e.g., 1695176-Ex1.pdf).

The combined document consisting of the outcomes of the three parts of the class exercise will be submitted via class exercise submission box created on Canvas.

 

 

Evaluation Rubrics

 

Task 1:(a) The three skills, knowledge areas, and responsibilities are clearly identified (b) Each identified skill, knowledge area and responsibility are justified that means the reasons are reported that why a particular skill, knowledge area or responsibility is important (c) includes how the identified skills and knowledge can be gained.

 

Task 2:(a) The team members have discussed the three skills, knowledge areas, and responsibility (identified individually by each member) (b) The discussion shows the key points and consensus where a particular skill etc. is selected as finally most important as compared to others.

 

Task 3:(a) The link for the reviewed ad is included in the submission (b) The reporting of three skills, knowledge areas, and responsibilities contains inspirations taken from the reviewed ad. This means the submission should reflect that student has carefully reviewed the job ad (c) The student went through the course outline carefully and then closely aligns the acquiring of various skills, knowledge, and experience with the different topics covered in the course showing how the topics can help achieve them.

 

This assignment is designed to help you to achieve the learning outcomes # 1, 4, and 5 from the course outline. 
