This assignment was locked Apr 7, 2020 at 23:55.
Course Name: Software Engineering Workshop 1

Course Code: COMP SCI 2205

Assessment Component: Exercise 2 (5%) – Individual Assessment

Submission: MyUni Canvas.

 

The list of tasks for exercise 2

Read one of the following two documents (preferably the one that your group would like to work on for the project assignment) from the course information module of Canvas.
 > “Exercise Coach.pdf”

 > “Student Life.pdf”

Get yourself familiar with the domain that has been described in the document. For this purpose, you are expected to explore the web for online sources and look for possible existing systems that is similar or related to the domain that has been described in the document you read (you are expected to provide the online source reference, e.g., URL of the website). Based on the reading and critical analysis of the online sources, write down your understanding of the domain and some of characteristics of a system in that domain (Maximum up to 1/2 of a A4 size page, Times New Roman or similar 12 point).
 

Prepare a requirements elicitation plan for the system you have chosen based on the provided document and the domain analysis performed from the online sources used. The requirements elicitation plan shall include at least two requirements elicitation techniques along with 3 strengths and 3 weaknesses of each of the chosen techniques. At least 3 justification points for each of the chosen techniques for the context in which you would be using those techniques. You would also prepare at least 5 questions that can be asked during the requirements elicitation activity (or try to find answers if performing documentation analysis).
* Tips about how I would go about doing this exercise:If I have chosen a exercise coach system domain, I would go online and search for exercise-related systems (I’ll try to avoid the marketing material from vendors if I can), then I will study the material and describe the gaols and contexts of exercise system solutions along with their potential benefits and drawbacks. I will also describe some key characteristics of the system.

Then I will draw an elicitation plan by taking inspiration from “Requirement_Eliciation_Plan.pdf” document on MyUni and/or reading the relevant book chapter. I may decide to use interview and document analysis as the requirements elicitation techniques. I would describe 3 strengths and 3 weaknesses of each of the techniques (i.e., interview and documentation analysis). Then I will provide 3 justification points for the selection of the techniques for the context in which I will be using them. I will also come up with 5 questions that I would like to ask the interviewees during the elicitation activity or try to find answers from the documents that I would analyse for requirements elicitation.  

 

All this should be covered in 1 A4 size page with Times New Roman or similar font size 12.

 

Please do not consider copy/pate from the seminar slides, book chapter or from anywhere else.

 

How to Submit: The exercise solution will be submitted via Canvas as there is an upload facility created for this exercise on Canvas.

This assignment is designed to help you to achieve the learning outcomes # 1, 2, and 4 from the course outline. 

 
