Submission by: Canvas (MyUni).

The list of tasks for exercise 4

Watch Jan Bosch keynote and note down the points about the innovation cycle and data-driven features identification for product improvement and evolution.
Jan Bosch keynote presentation at the 25th Anniversary INCOSE International ConferenceLinks to an external site.
Jan Bosch keynote presentation at the 25th Anniversary INCOSE International Conference

Read the following article critically and note down the approaches used for post-deployment data collection and analysis for eliciting and prioritising requirements/features – particular focus should be on Fig 1., Post-Deployment Data Usage Framework in the paper.
 Olsson, H. H., Bosch, J., Towards Data-Driven Product Development: A Multiple Case Study on Post-deployment Data Usage in Software-Intensive Embedded Systems, LESS, 2013.

TowardsData-DrivenProductDevelopment.pdfDownload TowardsData-DrivenProductDevelopment.pdf

Write a short essay on your reflections about the innovation cycle presented in the video and the role of data-driven requirements/features identification for supporting innovation and what can be the pre-requites for companies to implement data-driven requirements/features identification (1/2 A4 size paper, Times 12pt, single space – 1.5 Marks).
Write a short essay on your understanding of the post-deployment data collection and usage based on your critical reading of the article (1/2 A4 size paper, Times 12pt, single space – 1.5 Marks).
Consider your group project and critically review the requirements elicitations approaches you used with respect to the data driven approaches reported in the keynote and the article and write how the data-driven approaches to identifying requirements/features can be used for continuous improvement and evolution of the system in your project (1/2 A4 size paper, Times 12pt, single space – 2 Marks).
Evaluation Rubrics

Task 1: (a) A brief about innovation cycle is included (b) The role of data-driven requirements for innovation is summarized (c) Logical pre-requisites for realizing data-driven requirements in companies are included.

Task 2: (a) The understanding is rigorous and reflects that the student carefully read the article (b) The various facets (e.g., type of data etc.) of post-deployment data collection are included (b) Some critique about post-deployment data collection is included.

Task 3: (a) Includes reflections on how data-driven requirements engineering approaches are applicable for the project the student is working on (b) The reflections are not generic and are closely aligned with the underlying project context

How to submit: The exercise solution will be submitted as a pdf document via Canvas as there will be an upload facility created for this exercise on Canvas. Please name the pdf document as Student ID-Ex1.pdf (e.g., 1695176-Ex4.pdf).

This assignment is designed to help you to achieve the learning outcomes # 1, 2, 3 and 4 from the course outline. 

 
